Genericize PageSettings in PagedAsyncIterableIterator (#7283)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/core/core-paging/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.1.0 (Unreleased)

> - Added new generic argument to `PagedAsyncIterableIterator` for custom `PageSettings` for services that have complex continuation parameters or no maxPageSize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new generic argument to `PagedAsyncIterableIterator` for custom `PageSettings` for services that use client-driven paging or other paging patterns.
```

`client-driven paging` is a good term to use I think.
